Update docs to reflect new change to setting release and dist in React Native (#1982)
getsentry/sentry-docs: src/docs/platforms/react-native/codepush.mdx

title: Using Sentry with CodePush
tags: []
---

> If you want to use Sentry together with CodePush you will have to pass `release` and `dist` to `Sentry.init`. Our suggestion is to store them in an `app.json`, or you can just use the `package.json`. These values need to be unique to each version of your codebase and match the version on the sourcemaps exactly or they might not be symbolicated.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you want to use Sentry together with CodePush you will have to pass `release` and `dist` to `Sentry.init`. Our suggestion is to store them in an `app.json`, or you can just use the `package.json`. These values need to be unique to each version of your codebase and match the version on the source maps exactly, or they might not be symbolicated.
```

```javascript
import { release, dist } from 'app.json'

Sentry.init({
  // ...
  release,
  dist
});
```

If you need to use `codePush.getUpdateMetadata`, you will have to wait to initialize the Sentry SDK until the Promise is resolved.
<Alert level="warning" title="Warning"><markdown>

> This method is not recommended as any errors or crashes that happen before the Sentry SDK is initialized will not be caught. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This method is not recommended as any errors or crashes that happen before the initialization of the Sentry SDK will not be caught.  
```

```

Exporting the `SENTRY_PROPERTIES` will tell sentry-cli to use the properties in your project. Alternatively, you can either pass it via parameters or a global settings file. To find more about this refer to [Working with Projects](/cli/configuration/#sentry-cli-working-with-projects).

> If you still have issues with CodePush sourcemaps, you can refer to [Source Maps for Other Platforms](/platforms/react-native/sourcemaps/) to manually bundle and upload sourcemaps to Sentry.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you still have issues with CodePush source maps, you can refer to [Source Maps for Other Platforms](/platforms/react-native/sourcemaps/) to manually bundle and upload source maps to Sentry.
```
